README.md, before:

markdown

# Twitch Chat Bot in C++

This is a simple Twitch chat bot written in C++ that interacts with the Twitch chat using the Twitch IRC protocol. The bot is designed to join a specified Twitch channel and respond to commands from viewers.

## Features

- Join Twitch chat channel and listen for messages.
- Respond to specific commands from viewers.
- Customizable command handling and response logic.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- CMake (minimum version 3.2)
- C++ compiler (supporting C++11 or later)
- Boost/Beast
- spdlog
- googletest
- nholmman/json
## Getting Started
```
git clone https://github.com/diyooor/cpp-chatbot
cmake .
cmake --build .
./test/bin/test_main.exe
```
## Testing
```
admin at ~/workspace/scratch/cpp-stream-record $ ./test/bin/test_main.exe
[==========] Running 1 test from 1 test suite.
[----------] Global test environment set-up.
[----------] 1 test from MyTestFixture
[ RUN      ] MyTestFixture.TestIsUserLive
[2023-09-07 20:23:00.550] [info] Welcome to spdlog!
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.086] [info] Token Response status code: 200
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.086] [info] Token Response body: {"access_token":"xwlpfs6a87a665dvyspo0y4iith4cj","expires_in":5546578,"token_type":"bearer"} 

[2023-09-07 20:23:01.087] [info] Access token: xwlpfs6a87a665dvyspo0y4iith4cj
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.286] [info] Response status code: 200
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.286] [info] Response body: {"data":[{"id":"49256531373","user_id":"51496027","user_login":"loltyler1","user_name":"loltyler1","game_id":"21779","game_name":"League of Legends","type":"live","title":"SPIN FASTEST ! hehe so FUN ! GO MORED ! wee feel wind through HAIR and enjoy :D play over . BACK FOCUSED . DOMINATION INCOME !!!! WOOT","viewer_count":13258,"started_at":"2023-09-07T20:29:50Z","language":"en","thumbnail_url":"https://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/previews-ttv/live_user_loltyler1-{width}x{height}.jpg","tag_ids":[],"tags":["English"],"is_mature":false}],"pagination":{"cursor":"eyJiIjp7IkN1cnNvciI6ImV5SnpJam94TXpJMU9DNHhOVFUxT1RRd016Y3hPRFFzSW1RaU9tWmhiSE5sTENKMElqcDBjblZsZlE9PSJ9LCJhIjp7IkN1cnNvciI6IiJ9fQ"}}
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.287] [info] User is live!
[       OK ] MyTestFixture.TestIsUserLive (887 ms)
[----------] 1 test from MyTestFixture (893 ms total)

[----------] Global test environment tear-down
[==========] 1 test from 1 test suite ran. (909 ms total)
[  PASSED  ] 1 test.

```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, feel free to create a pull request.
License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Updated README.md purpose and title

README.md, after:

markdown

# Twitch Stream Record in C++

## Purpose

The purpose of this C++ project is to provide a tool for fetching the live status of a Twitch streamer and initiating the recording of their live stream. With this application, you can easily monitor whether a specific Twitch streamer is currently live and automatically start recording their stream for later viewing. Whether you're an avid gamer, content creator, or simply interested in capturing Twitch streams, this project simplifies the process of stream management and recording.

## Features

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- CMake (minimum version 3.2)
- C++ compiler (supporting C++11 or later)
- Boost/Beast
- spdlog
- googletest
- nholmman/json
## Getting Started
```
git clone https://github.com/diyooor/cpp-stream-record
cmake .
cmake --build .
./test/bin/test_main.exe
```
## Testing
```
admin at ~/workspace/scratch/cpp-stream-record $ ./test/bin/test_main.exe
[==========] Running 1 test from 1 test suite.
[----------] Global test environment set-up.
[----------] 1 test from MyTestFixture
[ RUN      ] MyTestFixture.TestIsUserLive
[2023-09-07 20:23:00.550] [info] Welcome to spdlog!
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.086] [info] Token Response status code: 200
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.086] [info] Token Response body: {"access_token":"xwlpfs6a87a665dvyspo0y4iith4cj","expires_in":5546578,"token_type":"bearer"} 

[2023-09-07 20:23:01.087] [info] Access token: xwlpfs6a87a665dvyspo0y4iith4cj
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.286] [info] Response status code: 200
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.286] [info] Response body: {"data":[{"id":"49256531373","user_id":"51496027","user_login":"loltyler1","user_name":"loltyler1","game_id":"21779","game_name":"League of Legends","type":"live","title":"SPIN FASTEST ! hehe so FUN ! GO MORED ! wee feel wind through HAIR and enjoy :D play over . BACK FOCUSED . DOMINATION INCOME !!!! WOOT","viewer_count":13258,"started_at":"2023-09-07T20:29:50Z","language":"en","thumbnail_url":"https://static-cdn.jtvnw.net/previews-ttv/live_user_loltyler1-{width}x{height}.jpg","tag_ids":[],"tags":["English"],"is_mature":false}],"pagination":{"cursor":"eyJiIjp7IkN1cnNvciI6ImV5SnpJam94TXpJMU9DNHhOVFUxT1RRd016Y3hPRFFzSW1RaU9tWmhiSE5sTENKMElqcDBjblZsZlE9PSJ9LCJhIjp7IkN1cnNvciI6IiJ9fQ"}}
[2023-09-07 20:23:01.287] [info] User is live!
[       OK ] MyTestFixture.TestIsUserLive (887 ms)
[----------] 1 test from MyTestFixture (893 ms total)

[----------] Global test environment tear-down
[==========] 1 test from 1 test suite ran. (909 ms total)
[  PASSED  ] 1 test.

```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, feel free to create a pull request.
License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
